docs(dep-check): add more words about meta capabilities (#942)
microsoft/rnx-kit: packages/dep-check/README.md

}
```

> We call these **meta** capabilities. Note that the name needs to be `#meta` to
> differentiate them from "regular" capabilities. Otherwise, you'll use them as
> any other capabilities. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We call these **meta** capabilities. To identify them, the field name needs to be `#meta` - also, for a meta capability there's no `version` field, and the `capabilities` array is expected to be an array of other capabilities. To use the meta capability in a rnx-kit configuration in a package.json, there's nothing specific to be done - for instance:
```

Small rewording - probably will fail the format test.
